docs: update readme (#10)
PandasWhoCode/read-all-custom-properties: README.md

# README for the project Read All Custom Properties

**Read all custom properties and values from all repos in the organization and write to a file.**

This action uses the GitHub CLI to read all properties from all repos in the organization. It can write
the results to a `repo-properties.yaml` file as well, for use with input to 
[update custom properties](https://github.com/PandasWhoCode/update-custom-properties) action.

---

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Add this GitHub Action to your workflow.
2. Run the workflow. A new commit will be generated on the branch you run it from containing the `repo-properties.yaml`
file.

---

## Fine Grained Token Requirements

To run the action within your GitHub CI/CD pipeline you will need to create a
fine-grained token with the following permissions:

> ### Organization Permissions
> 
> - Read access to organization custom properties

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Organization Permissions

- Read access to organization custom properties

### Repository Permissions

- Read access to Repository Metadata
- Read and Write access to Repository contents
```

### Additional Information

- [GitHub API for custom property for an organization](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/orgs/custom-properties?apiVersion=2022-11-28#create-or-update-a-custom-property-for-an-organization)
- [Fine-grained personal access tokens](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens#creating-a-fine-grained-personal-access-token)
- The owner of the fine-grained token must have full administrative rights to the organization.

---

## 📦 Inputs

| Name                               | Description                                                            | Required | Default |
|------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------|

> | `token`                            | GitHub Personal Access Token (Fine-Grained with `Read` org scope)      | ✅ Yes    | —       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `token`                            | GitHub Personal Access Token (Fine-Grained with Organization custom properites `Read` scope and Repository contents `Read and Write` scope)      | ✅ Yes    | —       |
```

Author: ```suggestion
| `token`                            | GitHub Personal Access Token (Fine-Grained with: Organization custom properties `Read`, Repository contents `Read and Write` scope)     | ✅ Yes    | —       |
```

Author: Same formatting as the token line in [update-custom-properties](https://github.com/PandasWhoCode/update-custom-properties/pull/17/files), Line 40.
